Make multiline prompt part of ScreenData (#11911)
fish-shell/fish-shell: CHANGELOG.rst

Notable improvements and fixes
------------------------------

> - Fish now hides the portion of a multiline prompt that scrolls out of view, preventing duplicate lines after repainting with partially visible prompt.  

Reviewer: trailing whitespace here

> - Fixed not properly clearing lines when a transient prompt contains more lines that the final prompt (:issue:`11875`).

Reviewer: I like to add clickable links

```suggestion
- Fixed not properly clearing lines when a :ref:`transient prompt <transient-prompt>` contains more lines than the final prompt (:issue:`11875`).
```
